Update index (#203)
scalar-labs/scalar-kubernetes: README.md

This repository contains a set of [documents](./docs/) and [configuration samples](./conf/) that help you create a ScalarDB or ScalarDL environment on managed Kubernetes services.

> # Index
> 

Reviewer: Sorry, I must have not selected "Add review comment" for my change to this part.

Let's delete this heading (`# Index`) since we list the types of content below. (We can keep the headings I changed for `## Deployment guides` and subsequent headings as is).

```suggestion
```

### Deployment guide

* [Deploy ScalarDB Server on Amazon EKS (Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service)](./docs/ManualDeploymentGuideScalarDBServerOnEKS.md)
* [Deploy ScalarDB Server on AKS (Azure Kubernetes Service)](./docs/ManualDeploymentGuideScalarDBServerOnAKS.md)
* [Deploy ScalarDL Ledger on Amazon EKS (Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service)](./docs/ManualDeploymentGuideScalarDLOnEKS.md)
* [Deploy ScalarDL Ledger on AKS (Azure Kubernetes Service)](./docs/ManualDeploymentGuideScalarDLOnAKS.md)
* [Deploy ScalarDL Ledger and ScalarDL Auditor on Amazon EKS (Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service)](./docs/ManualDeploymentGuideScalarDLAuditorOnEKS.md)
* [Deploy ScalarDL Ledger and ScalarDL Auditor on AKS (Azure Kubernetes Service)](./docs/ManualDeploymentGuideScalarDLAuditorOnAKS.md)

### Monitoring guide

* [Monitoring Scalar products on a Kubernetes cluster](./docs/K8sMonitorGuide.md)
* [Collecting logs from Scalar products on a Kubernetes cluster](./docs/K8sLogCollectionGuide.md)

### Backup and restore guide

* [Back up and restore ScalarDB or ScalarDL data in a Kubernetes environment](./docs/BackupRestoreGuide.md)

> ### Install Scalar products from marketplace of each cloud provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install Scalar products from the marketplace of a cloud service provider
```
